chore(documentation):[TRACEFOSS-1921] added known knowns to CHANGELOG.md (#424)
catenax-ng/tx-traceability-foss: CHANGELOG.md

### Known knowns

> - Backend [[TRACEFOSS-1458](https://jira.catena-x.net/browse/TRACEFOSS-1458)]: BPN Validation for EDC URL mapping in admin view is does not validate BPN

Reviewer: Please remove the urls ID references are sufficient

Author: They are needed for the TicketIDs to have links. in Markdown you will only see the linked ID, not the url

Author: ![image](https://github.com/catenax-ng/tx-traceability-foss/assets/117836305/0bd72f97-9f98-4e64-8b1c-7db2f1a0a1f4)

> - Backend [[TRACEFOSS-1458](https://jira.catena-x.net/browse/TRACEFOSS-1458)]: BPN Validation for EDC URL mapping in admin view is does not validate BPN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Backend [TRACEFOSS-1458]: AdminView: No validation of BPN for BPN  EDC URL mapping
```

> - Backend [[TRACEFOSS-589](https://jira.catena-x.net/browse/TRACEFOSS-589)]: Backend API access without login returns HTTP code 500 instead of 401

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Backend [TRACEFOSS-589]: Backend API access without login returns incorrect HTTP status code (500 instead of 401)
```

> - Backend [[TRACEFOSS-2148](https://jira.catena-x.net/browse/TRACEFOSS-2148)]: Parts, Notification endpoints do not return sorted list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Backend [TRACEFOSS-2148]: Endpoints /parts and /notification returns unsorted list
```

---

> - Frontend [[TRACEFOSS-2149](https://jira.catena-x.net/browse/TRACEFOSS-2149)]: Sorting of any empty table on column causes an unhandled error view

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Frontend [TRACEFOSS-2149]: Sorting on empty table causes unhandled error view
```

---

> - Security [[TRACEFOSS-829](https://jira.catena-x.net/browse/TRACEFOSS-829)]: Invicti Enterprise detected errors during parsing of Strict-Transport-Security header - The HSTS Warning and Error may allow attackers to bypass HSTS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Security [TRACEFOSS-829]: CVE Strict-Transport-Security header - The HSTS Warning and Error may allow attackers to bypass HSTS
```

> - Security [[TRACEFOSS-830](https://jira.catena-x.net/browse/TRACEFOSS-830)]: Invicti Enterprise identified a stack trace disclosure (Java) in the target web server's HTTP response.

Reviewer: Please remove tooling and handle this more as a vulnarabiltiy.

> - Security [[TRACEFOSS-919](https://jira.catena-x.net/browse/TRACEFOSS-919)]: Authorization Bypass Through User-Controlled SQL Primary Key CWE ID 566

Reviewer: remove url

Reviewer: same for all following ones.
